success
          fail
          
            
          
          
            
          
          
        	
	
      
      
	
	
      
    
    
      
	
	  
	    
	  
	  
	    
	      
		
		
		  Jun
		  DEC
		  Mar
		
		
		
		  
		  28
		  
		
		
		
		  2001
		  2002
		  2004
		
	      
	    
	  
	
	
	  
	    	    
	      	      21 captures
	      25 Feb 1997 - 19 Jan 2009
	      
	  
	  
	    
	      
		
	      
	    
	  
	
      
    
    
       About this capture
    
  
    
            COLLECTED BY
    
            
			
		Organization: Alexa Crawls
		
	  
	  Starting in 1996, Alexa Internet has been donating their crawl data to the Internet Archive.  Flowing in every day, these data are added to the Wayback Machine after an embargo period.
	
	      
      
			
		Collection: Alexa Crawls DO
		
	  
	  Crawl data donated by Alexa Internet. This data is currently not publicly accessible
	
	      
    
    TIMESTAMPS
    
      
      
    
  

FDA            
Enforcement Report
The FDA Enforcement Report is published weekly by the Food and Drug
Administration,
U.S. Public Health Service, Department of Health and Human Services.  It contains
information
on actions  taken in connection with agency regulatory activities.

 ENFORCE
01/05/1993

FDA APPROVES TREATMENT IND FOR MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS DRUG January
05, 1993


T93-1                                                Susan Cruzan
                                                     (301) 443-3285

           FDA APPROVES TREATMENT IND FOR MULTIPLE SCLEROSIS DRUG
    We are receiving inquiries about FDA's authorization of a "treatment      
IND" for the experimental drug Copolymer 1 (COP-1) for certain patients with  
multiple sclerosis (MS).  No marketed product is approved specifically for    
the treatment of this disease.  The following may be used to answer           
questions: 
    Multiple sclerosis is a central nervous system disease with highly        
variable symptoms, course and prognosis.  Among more seriously affected       
patients there may be episodes of weakness, clumsiness and visual             
disturbances from which a patient may fully or only partially recover.  In    
time, a proportion of patients may become seriously disabled, unable to       
walk, and suffer bowel and bladder problems. 
    FDA's treatment IND regulations offer a mechanism that allows drug        
developers to provide earlier and wider access to promising investigational   
therapies, such as COP-1, for patients with serious or immediately            
life-threatening diseases for which there is no satisfactory alternative      
treatment.
    A study has suggested that COP-I may be able to reduce the frequency of   
acute episodes experienced by some patients with exacerbating-remitting MS, 
                                   -MORE-

                                            Page 2, T93-1, COP-1
a type of MS that consists of relapses followed by remissions.  The study     
reported that 50 patients given daily injections of COP-1 over a period of    
two years had fewer relapses than those given a placebo.
    Side effects associated with the use of COP-1 are not ordinarily          
troublesome and are generally tolerated by most patients.  In just a few      
cases, patients experienced temporary sweating, rapid heartbeat and           
difficulty in breathi